and another rubric that has long wanted
I couldn’t get under way
title dear editors no where am i
will all your comment and up to do
about this video because of course and
Letters answer Well, I think why the line
hates and take off and let's get one more
video with them just happened
here's my video blog and release
left a comment left in nectar
the user here you see how he writes
but if you think in terms of numbers then
crystal earnings in battles reduced
but in fact
players who play will melt the flags
make frags
and grab the dots began to give more
crystals
but to those who stood themselves at the crystals
earnings for example I did not play
practical boxes when you play
victory in the boxes and notice and
Accordingly, I am particularly upset and
me omate the foundation that i bend every
mind
increased slightly but increased well
here about noobs it is written of course he
increased because such points
added added a little as always
cheated i looked
I found the layout of the numbers as far as
marry in a kegmar
profanation not even all this but Pacal
This is what a person writes that supposedly for
good game give more crystals here
I do n't really care about this three days
did the video all there considered giving you
show what I read there and so on the air
our traditional heading let's
calculate and today we will have a count
as we stated earlier points and crises
we just hour figure out the ratio
how much does it earn me for example
2010 and here is literally the other day
2005 that we will be shown and we
calculate
and draw conclusions will be set to
Regarding us bitterly need to score
experience to earn 1 Chris from us and
points for the battle and the cutters
at the end of the battle
played output was points to earn
one crystal account must be divided by
squeeze and its pedestal so it will be in
location dependent
wards 10 2005 year then leaves
let's accelerate a little
and so we see that activity from
points scored but there was
arithmetic dependence on separation
the foundation than Volsky points the more you
I received from the foundation that I, for example, on
first place
I needed each recruited chris
get only two whole moisture
handbag no everyone stahonka come on chris
because in the first place I am good
margin so be show but the rest he
would by itself places there for every
received chris she was full recruit
91 points and it showed efficiency
games here you better play more points
you are gaining more from the fund
gets it as if prompted
work prompted to work curbed
negotiate but let him from nikolai to not
only win not only win
the enemy, I will not read here
the principle of the most adored not only
win the opponent and accordingly
stench from our
from our team to the crowd schedule 1
take one of the first places on the cheeks they
the better the pots the better the bigger
earn more than you play those
more you grab and she will take
bogus is not just me no place
occupied it chris collected gets from a
under the very well
Moscow is satisfied with Christine here he is
stuffed sour 12 many surprises
here look sat too probably for a long time
these 82 times
yes, I sat less than 2 for an hour
understand on August 1 crystals and here I am
for example got
case navigator prohibitive hours 34 36
hours of offense, I sat and got
respectively, bilstein
I sat on the 4th floor for an hour and I sat
sat offer Stefan 6 from more
sat but got something i got for it i
For this 2009 gel for example on men
it has turned out so this time more than at
create I did not play on this background
I dragged there is not just it all he
wetted all bend dayan ca n't give
its minimal well here's what to do
what to understand
and now let's calculate the same thing today
happens in 2015
Now the dirt is that everyone is now honest
all honest
everyone will earn a party honor this
apache
This is what I felt sad to count.
it was sad to consider this garbage here
See small under errors plus
we have 100 on any together here you are
seven spans in the forehead wanted this fight
drawn out look against us were
an asterisk not yet daddy went out there
always wore to hire well there were three i
started lifting up right here with these
rolls no test I think this a
the hero itself is boring to play on it
weapons yes i'm coming here I spend my hole
my nerves my strength pulling the fight
for someone sun trying it just
Here kakieto Nuba sitting here who have well
it's cold here and he could play
say but some for example once
I was killed there are dead and there are such him
don't set them up there just fall
dying goals from the calculation can be seen that
and a cool nagibator and the very last well
gets crystals the same
amount for each point
just you go spend your burrow and
in a shorter time , and you pick up cars
and get crystals
but well get as many crystals
for the same points just for him
recruitment will take more time but myself
did not waste your people year limit
corners sit and steel slowly
the same nubikov passion that's the whole
the difference everyone made equalized without sake
now play well not necessarily 2 on
an hour to sit behind the winning team yes here
only if you play what is the best
play with all the LPU
Do not forget tyknut fist sleep under it
video
everything